[AGENTONB-2581] Explain the range of Operator permissions (#2286)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/kubernetes_permissions.md

- Minimal permissions are needed for most controllers (leases and custom resources)
- The `DatadogAgent` controller requires extensive permissions to support various customer scenarios
- In practice, only a subset of permissions are used based on your specific configuration

## Generation of Datadog Operator role

The [Datadog Operator ClusterRole](../config/rbac/role.yaml) is automatically generated using [kubebuilder markers](https://book.kubebuilder.io/reference/markers/rbac) listed in `_controller` files: [datadogagent_controller.go](../internal/controller/datadogagent_controller.go) for instance. For a given controller, it can only grant a RBAC permission if itself is granted it. This means that in order for the `DatadogAgent` controller to create the Agent DaemonSet, the Operator itself needs to be granted this permission.

## Minimal set of permissions needed by the Datadog Operator

The Datadog Operator requires a very minimal set of permissions to run without errors:
* Manage `leases` in the API group `coordination.k8s.io`: this is needed to run leader election. Only a single Operator replica will take actions when running multiple replicas for availability.

> * Manage (`create`, `get`, `list`, `watch`, `update`, `delete`, `patch`) Datadog custom resources (`datadoghq.com` API group) depending on which controller is enabled. For example,  if the `DatadogDashboard` controller is enabled, it needs these permissions to manage the lifecycle of `DatadogDashboard` resources, such as when a `DatadogDashboard` is created, the Operator needs to know and reconcile accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage (`create`, `get`, `list`, `watch`, `update`, `delete`, `patch`) Datadog custom resources (`datadoghq.com` API group) depending on which controller is enabled. For example, if the `DatadogDashboard` controller is enabled, it needs these permissions to manage the lifecycle of `DatadogDashboard` resources, such as when a `DatadogDashboard` is created, the Operator needs to know and reconcile accordingly.
```

    * The exact set of resources is listed in `_controller` files within [controller](../internal/controller).

>     * If the custom resource manages native Kubernetes resources (e.g. a `DaemonSet` is created by the `DatadogAgent` controller), managing it is also needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the custom resource manages native Kubernetes resources (for example, a `DaemonSet` is created by the `DatadogAgent` controller), managing it is also needed.
```
